# project-one

## Description of Communication Protocols: 

### [Drew goes here]

-----------------------------------------------------
Presentation/X: Mitchell 1st, Dan 2nd

Github/ Square: Drew 1st, Sarah 2nd

Machine Learning/ Triangle: Dan 1st, Drew 2nd
## Machine Learning Update

* Put together a prototype neural network which was functional with a small sample of the "Vaccinations" database.

* Put together a script to clean the "Cases and Deaths" database.  This has been completed and is functional.

* Successfully ran decision tree machine models on the "Cases" and "Deaths" databases generated by the script.



Database/ Circle: Sarah 1st, Mitchell 2nd

# Team members have drafted their project, including the following:
## ✓ Selected topic

Our topic of choice is COVID-19 data exploration.

## ✓ Reason why they selected their topic

We took a series of polls, and COVID-19 was the most voted for subject. In the final round it was voted for by consensus. But, in all seriousness, COVID has been one of, if not the single, most significant events of the last year. It reshaped, not only American society, but most countries across the world. Not only was it a significant event, but the disease continues to affect American society. By exploring what factors predict cases and deaths, we can learn more about what would bring this awful chapter to a close.

## ✓ Description of their source of data

https://covid.cdc.gov/covid-data-tracker/#datatracker-home The CDC collects a lot of data, and organizes it into sets. Specifically the cases and deaths over time https://data.cdc.gov/Case-Surveillance/United-States-COVID-19-Cases-and-Deaths-by-State-o/9mfq-cb36, and the vaccination rate over time https://data.cdc.gov/Vaccinations/COVID-19-Vaccinations-in-the-United-States-Jurisdi/unsk-b7fc are our starter sets.

## ✓ Questions they hope to answer with the data

We hope to create two machine learning models, one for cases and one for deaths specifically, with as high accuracy as possible. The primary question is: which data features produce the best accuracy for our target?
